Jewish creation of Jim you can do it all
in just minutes
the bills that I'm gonna use this
progress blackface you can use any
barriers in an equal proportion of sugar
today is about 250 grams of 250 grams of
sugar let's do it so we're gonna chop up
the berries immersed into small cubes by
tightening at first getting rid of the
greenery then I'm gonna make two cuts
this way and chop it up just like you
chop the onion arrange them and
BlackBerry's you can cut into about four
or six pieces just like that in half
I'll make three pieces out of each half
look at this view
don't they look beautiful we're gonna
dump it up we're gonna cover it with 250
grams of sugar or the same proportion of
sugar and we're gonna pop it in the
microwave
5 minutes for the sugar to dissolve this
is how it's gonna look after 5 minutes
you see that the sugar is completely
dissolved in the base with the juice out
loose beautiful and smells just amazed
we're gonna give it a good stir and pop
it back into a marker for additional 13
minutes well after about 10 to 13
minutes in the microwave this is how
it's gonna look like and a very
important tip you really wanna make sure
you the bail oversize
always hold it very wide as the size
the gem collection multiplied into five
times or so as it bubbles up when it's
microwave if you're not sure the
consistence is right you can grab a
little bit of jam and put it into a
plate that fits the freezer for about 12
minutes actually put the plate in the
freezer right before I put my jam into
the microbe the last time we're gonna
put it in the freezer for about two
minutes take it out few minutes has
passed
I'm gonna put my foot through it and you
see they're consistent it doesn't run
back together it's pretty thick we're
gonna go ahead and transfer it into our
jar mason jar before it chills oh there
you go so we put in this reason it's
ready to serve whenever you are but my
best part is drying it when it's nice
fresh and hot you can put on the white
hose and have a bush collector do it put
a little layer of butter then put some
jam on it
mmm beautiful you need to go over the
cup of milk it really exceeded my
expectations you guys this label really
blows up my mind I can't get enough of
it dryly the whole share it with your
friends let me know which flavor
combinations like to see next
you want me to show you the Africa one
that my mom used to make when I have any
other crazy combination lebanon comments
below and we'll see you next time
you